SKILL TRACKER

Here is my Schema Design:

1. Users

uid (Primary Key)
username
email


2. Skills

skillId (Primary Key, autogenerated)
uid (Foreign Key referencing Users.uid)
skillName
description
createdTimestamp


3. Sessions

sessionId (Primary Key, autogenerated)
uid (Foreign Key referencing Users.uid)
skillId (Foreign Key referencing Skills.skillId)
timeSpent

My API: I originally decided on an API, butI actually decided not to use an API for my website. I found that other API's that I found made the app harder to use and interferred with the process I wanted. If i find one in the future I love and want to update the website with, I will!

The title of my project is "Skill Tracker". My website is for people who want to keep track of their skills and how much time they have put into them. All a user has to do is sign up or login, and start the process! For example, if I love singing, I could add my skill, named "Singing", add how many hours I put into my session that day, and give a little update on how my time is going with singing. I wanted to keep it simple and sweet for users to be able to just focus on how much time they have put into it, not making it a complicated process to update it. A user can add as many skills as they like. They can also delete skills if they wish. If a user wishes to update an existing skill, they can just go to the add skill section, input the same name as the skill they have already added, and it will update the existing skill rather than importing a new one. Updates will be made to the website in time, with implementations of editing and adding time goals. The languages that this project is mainly made up of include Python, JavaScript, CSS, & HTML. All in all, I really hope users enjoy this website. I wanted to create something simple & clean for people to use & keep coming back to without going through a hefty process.
